In this lecture, we'll do the integration testing between the product service and the coupon service
before you go ahead and do that, just to be consistent, go to the application dot
properties will start using ports 9090 and 9091 for the product service we are using 9090.
So for the coupon service instead of 8080, let's use 9091.
Just to be consistent, Later on, for other micro services, we can use the 8080 port. Go to coupon
service, go to the application
dot properties add a server.
dot port is equal to 9091, so product service uses 9090 and coupon service uses 9091.
Stop those two applications.
Start the coupon service.
Run as a Springboot app, you can also run it from here, the play button, start the product service.
While they come up, go to Posman, this time when we create a product along with the price, you need
to send one more detail, which is the coupon code colon space.
The code itself will go in double quotes.
The code we have is all capital super sale.
That was the code that we have created earlier.
If you remember super sale, this will apply to a ten
discount of ten dollars or ten rupees, in our case, it's ten dollars here it's a thousand bucks.
Thousand dollars so ten dollars will be deducted from this thousand.
Let's change this product from iPhone to a Mac.
And it's cool.
Prize is 2000 for a good one super sale.
So now let's hit send.
There we go.
So this time it has applied a discount, if you look at the price that comes back, it has deducted
ten dollars from the two thousand dollars and it has used that as the price and also the coupon code.
You can see it in the response coming back.
But this is not saved to the the coupon code itself is not saved to the database.
Only this info here, the id name, description and price go into the database because we have marked this coupon
code as transient.
So it both the micro services are working perfectly end to end the product service is able to talk to
the coupon service, get the discount, apply that discount and save that price along with all the other
product information into the database.